Add documentation (#554)
clearlydefined/crawler: docs/add-new-harvester.md

# Add a new harvest source

This is a document in progress detailing the steps necessary to add a new harvest source.

## Community Engagement

> When adding a new harvest source, the points to be considered are located at https://github.com/clearlydefined/clearlydefined/blob/master/docs/adding-sources.md#adding-a-new-harvest-source. Please include these considerations and document them in your GitHub issue, similar to https://github.com/clearlydefined/service/issues/882.

Reviewer: Instead of pointing to the repo holding the source markdown for the documentation, consider linking to the public published docs...  

```suggestion
When adding a new harvest source, the points to be considered are located  at https://docs.clearlydefined.io/adding-sources#adding-a-new-harvest-source.  Please include these considerations and document them in your GitHub issue, similar to https://github.com/clearlydefined/service/issues/882.
```

## Crawler

> Need to implement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need to implement fetch and extract function.  Substitution: xx is the name of the new harvester tool (e.g. reuseFetch, reuseExtract).

Implement:
```
